["Bounty hunters: The party meets a group of tough bounty hunters with a few captives. They can just pass by, if engaged in talk might tell party about situation in the region, tell them a story behind their prisoners. Party might try to free them if they feel that the prisoners were wronged, so it can escalate to combat. Or not.","Pilgrims: group of pilgrims, traveling to visit a relic of their faith. Party might want to escort them to the nearest town, or maybe even go and see the relic themselves.","Prize Fighter: A crier at the market square challenges anyone to a staff combat (soft, non-lethal) on a beam with an agile fighter. The one to fall down loses. The fee for the challenger is something like 10 gp in prices, if he wins he gets 50 gp. The fighter is weaker than party fighters, but heavily specialized in what he does. Maybe they work with some thieves that cut purses in the crowd while people stare at the fight.","Murderer and Thief: A murderer is on the loose.  (He has been using potions of gaseous form to slip into homes and kill.)  The party has to gather clues, track potion ingredients, setup a sting ect…","Drug Farms: oops! you stumbled onto a hidden field of opium poppies...hilarity ensues.","Broken carts Found by the side of the road might house valuables, vermin, or simply toxic mold.  Maybe they contract a disease that needs to be cured.","Lonely Hunter: Deep in the wilderness, party finds a small cabin. Several skins are sun-tanning outside, perhaps there is a small garden behind the cabin. There may be snares and other traps around the cabin. The owner is an old hunter who lives far away from any towns or cities.","Walled city: No weapons or outsiders allowed, except by special authorization. You've got goals inside that would be way easier with violence or magic, but those will get you in trouble.","Haunted House: Stuffed Manticore corpse (it was already dead), a rat (that was stuck in a bath tub) and a ghost (that would not have attacked them unless they pissed it off). An old caretaker is actually a weretiger and while appearing nervous is actually stalking the party. He is open to sharing his drink with the adventurers. The drink, has been spiked with a soporific which will put the adventurers to sleep allowing the weretiger to kill them at his leisure.","Troll Bridge: Using a creature that far out classes the players ability to beat and force negotiating passage. Maybe a Wyvern wants several oxen as payment to pass the bridge.","Miners: The party comes across a mining operations and are greeted by a miner who acts suspicious. There are several reasons you could use. 1. The miner has just found a chuck of gold the size of a bucket and has hidden it in his tent. 2. Bandits have his wife and child in the tent and have threatened to kill them unless the miner gets rid of the adventurers.","Dwarfs: The party meets several dwarves, each carrying a heavy sack full of ore. They head off to a disused farm house. Inside is a dwarven metalsmith producing ingots from the ore.","Guardtower: Bad weather force the players to shelter in a ruined guardtower just off the road. It is mostly dry and warm despite the lack of a front door but shortly after the party gets comfortable, a hag comes looking for a place to hide away from the weather as well.  She is disguised under an illusion spell.","Cursed Man: They are accosted by a man who appears to have been mauled by a bear. He is badly wounded but seems to speak in nonsense phrases. In fact everything he says is the reverse of what he means. If the party can figure it out he can lead them to the remains of a gypsy troupe he was with who had been slaughtered by a raiding band of orcs. The jester alone survived by hiding in the sorcerers wagon and randomly trying magic items and potions until he found one which let him slip away invisibly. He also got himself cursed in the process hence his nonsense speech. The raiding orcs are easily trackable.","Adventuring Gnoll: Gnodor the Gnome Travel Writer (author of Gnodor's Guide series). A gnome in khakis and sunglasses with a lots of magic toys, but none that are game-affecting; like potions of protection from minuscule missiles (mosquito repellent), wand of odor removal (deodorant), and a walking stick that unfolds into either a portable stool or an umbrella.  ALWAYS recognizes the party (at the worst time) and wants to talk to them.)Even if attacked, he escapes in Mr. Magoo fashion."]